This is the first stable release in the 1.8 series. Please also read the 1.8.0e
changelog for all new features and changes since 1.7.5. This release does not
require a hard fork and upgrading to it is optional. It will not do a rescan
either, but once upgraded to 1.8.1, going back to older version requires
downloading the blockchain again or restoring the nxt_db folder from backup.


API enhancements:

Added getSharedKey API, to allow calculating the one-time shared key used for
encryption of messages. Parameters are the secret phrase for one of the
accounts, the other account, and the nonce used in the message encryption.

The readMessage API now also supports decryption of encrypted message parts
using the shared key, as provided by the above getSharedKey API, instead of the
secret phrase. An optional retrieve parameter is also supported to request
automatic retrieval of pruned message parts from archival nodes.

The getDGSPurchase API now supports decryption of the purchased goods, using
either the secret phrase of the buyer or seller, or the shared key from the
getSharedKey API.

The getBalance API now supports an optional height parameter to retrieve account
balance at previous heights, if still available.

The getPolls and getAllShufflings APIs now support an optional finishedOnly
parameter, to retrieve only polls or shufflings that have already completed.


Add-on framework improvements:

Add-ons can now register their own http API request handlers, allowing custom
request types to be supported. Overriding existing client APIs is not allowed.
See the example add-on nxt.addons.PopOffCounter. Such APIs must be tagged with
APITag.ADDONS and will appear under "Add-ons" on the API test page.

The add-on framework supporting custom APIs, in combination with the client-side
plugin system, present an opportunity for developers to add functionality to
the NRS without having to modify core code. Add-on developers should be aware
that the Java API in 2.0 will undergo many changes, and add-ons code will have
to be updated. And users are again reminded to only install and run add-ons
from trusted sources.


UI improvements:

Added pagination to the recent marketplace listings and recent purchases pages.

Added finished polls and finished shufflings tables under the active polls and
active shufflings respectively, with pagination. A "view" action for polls now
makes it easy to view the results of an active or finished poll.

Added full-size image display in a new modal, when clicking on an image in the
marketplace listings or purchase modal.

Other minor bugfixes and improvements.

